Well I come to my ears six Bootcamp is six of course is the next javascript generation or werfen and
with the right tools you can already use it day.
Therefore now is the best time to start learning it and to see which cool new feature is set up for
access for what the score is.
I'll go for a lot of modules to show all this new features and explain what they do and how they work
.
But start with some syntax changes or extensions so those seven new methods or additions you have at
your disposal then we'll have a look at modules and classes.
Of course a very important addition with ESX declasse keyword and the fact that we can actually write
code in a modular way distribute it over multiple files with the old ones that support both browsers
.
The need of third party helpers.
Any other tools to load or files will then have a look at symbols.
One of the big new additions with iOS 6 What symbols are how they work and how you can use them.
Thereafter we'll have a look at iterators and generators which are bit connected to some boards and
also offer you create new functionalities.
And here again you learn what they are and how they work.
Then we look at Promises.
Now you might already know promise and promises are pretty common now days but they're not natively
bolt into eight years five and therefore with your sakes they are.
And here we'll have a look at all their work.
Now we can use them.
Thereafter it's time to have a look at some of the built in objects and some extensions.
Those objects got so new methods available on the object for example then I'll have a look at maps and
sets which are new collection types added with the ESX.
Thereafter it's time to have a look at the reflect API.
A brand new API added to iOS 6 which funnels a lot of the functionalities which already were included
in years 5 and also add some new ones.
And it especially works great in conjunction with the proxy API which is old and brand new and allows
you to wrap objects and then well handle certain operations set down on those objects and you will learn
how everything works in this module.
And even though you'll see a lot of examples for all this modules It's always cool to have a project
where you can see all those things come together.
Therefore I'll have a little project at the end where we see some of those things being used and how
to use them and also give a brief article on how to use it today and how to set up your work environment
to well take advantage of U-6 today and create reasonable and usable applications.
But E6 today even though browsers don't support it fully yet for this course you'll all see cheat sheets
attached to the last lectures and all those modules and those cheat sheet should really help you.
Q Well you've exercised the things you learned in the modules to dig a bit deeper to find references
helping you and so on.
Definitely have a look at them too.